t'sluyddstdbbfsluwlskgymcmvslud's,dydswbbsflcyycmvsludcysfl.kefs[bdvf]i
 gysludyds,wfswstcvsfdwsy.mmcmviswmpslgglbdfasludstgrf.mas,wfswkgmv
ludkas,cluswsygedrfsdmpscmsucfsuwmpswmps;ud,cmvslgtw;;ghslud'swbbspgmmdp
ecywlds;bgludfs;.lsg  swlsludsnmddasfuwodpsfkwylb'aswmpsl.ktbdps.eas,clu
ludsly.dsmw.lc;wbsygbbswmpsucl;ucmvsludcyslyg.fdyfh

clsmddpsmglstdsfwcps,ugs,wfsluds;welwcmhsmctfswmpsjgums,dyds cyflswmp
fd;gmpskwldhsludyds,wfsws,gkwmswtgwyphsludsydfls,dydslwyfs[fwcbgyf]
td gydsludskwflaswmpsbcodpscmsluds gr;rfbdhsedldysuwpswbydwp'sbwfudp
uckfdb slgsluds,uddbist.lsudsecedpswbbsuwmpfswmpspdbcodydpswsfugyl
wppydffslgsludkisfwcpsudsugedpslud's,g.bpspgsludcysp.l'sbcndsvwbbwml
udwylcdfast.lsluwlsudsnmd,slud's,dydsludsf;.ksg sycgswmpsludsvgbps;gwfla
wmpsc slud'sfmweedpswlsucksuds,g.bpsldwysludkhsludstb.  sflycpdmls,gypf
fly.;nsludsmgldsfwcbgyfs.mpdyflggpaswmpslud's;uddydpsucksb.flcb'hsludm
ws d,sfuwyesgypdyfs,dydsvcodmaswmpslud'sl.ymdpsludsfucesyg.mpaswmpsmgfdp
udys gysludskwcmbwmph

;welwcmsewms;wb;.bwldpasw ldys;gmf.blcmvsludsfucerfs;uwylasluwlsc slucf
,dwludysbwfldpslud'sfug.bpsflycndsludswzgydfswtg.lsluds21flsg sj.mda
w ldys,uc;uscls,g.bpsfwodslckdslgs b'h

fgkdsg sludks,wmldpsclslgstdswmsugmdflsfuceswmpsgludyfs,dydscms wog.y
g snddecmvsclswsecywldist.lsluds;welwcmslydwldpsludkswfspgvfaswmpslud'
pwydpsmglsdxeydffsludcys,cfudfslgsucksdodmscmswsyg.mpsygtcms[gmdsedyfgm
w ldyswmgludyaswfslud'suwpslgs;elhsuggn]hscmflwmlsgtdpcdm;ds,wfsludsgmb'
fw dslucmvhsfbcvulb'svglswspgzdms gysbggncmvsedyebdxdps,udmslgbpslgslwnd
fg.mpcmvfhsludsvdmdywbs ddbcmvs,wfsluwlsedldys,wfsugmdflsj.flsmg,slg
b.bbs,dmp'rfsf.fec;cgmfast.lsluwlsludydskcvulstdsws;uwmvds,udmsludsmd,
f.cls,wfsydwp'as,uc;uaswvwcmflsudys,cbbasfuds,wfskwncmvs gysucksg.lsg 
fgkdsg suggnrfs,c;ndpdflsvwykdmlfhscls,wfsw ldy,wypfs,ucfedydpswkgmv
ludksluwlsgmsluds cyflsmcvulsuds,gydslucfsf.clsudsfwlsbgmvscmsluds;wtcm
,clusuggnrfs;cvwy-ugbpdyscmsucfskg.luswmpsgmdsuwmps;bdm;udpaswbbst.ls gy
luds gyd cmvdyas,uc;usudstdmlswmpsudbpsluydwldmcmvb'swbg lsbcndswsuggnh

cmfldwpsg s,wl;ucmvsludsfuceasug,dodyas,dsk.flsmg,sydl.ymslgsluwl
pdfgbwldsugkds ygks,uc;usluyddsg sg.ys;uwyw;ldyfsuwpslwndmsudwylbdff
 bcvulsfgsbgmvswvghsclsfddkfswsfuwkdslgsuwodsmdvbd;ldpsmghs14swbbslucf
lckdiswmps'dls,dskw'stdsf.ydsluwlskyfhspwybcmvspgdfsmglstbwkds.fhsc s,d
uwpsydl.ymdpsfggmdyslgsbggns,clusfgyyg, .bsf'kewlu'swlsudyasfuds,g.bp
eygtwtb'suwods;ycdpas“pgmrlstdsfcbb'is,uwlspgscskwlldy?spgsvgstw;nswmp
nddeswmsd'dsgmsluds;ucbpydmh”sfgsbgmvswfskgludyfswydsbcndslucfsludcy
;ucbpydms,cbbslwndswpowmlwvdsg sludkiswmpslud'skw'sbw'slgs[tdlsgm]sluwlh

dodmsmg,s,dsodml.ydscmlgsluwls wkcbcwysm.yfdy'sgmb'std;w.fdsclfsbw, .b
g;;.ewmlfswydsgmsludcys,w'sugkdis,dswydskdydb'su.yy'cmvsgmscmswpowm;d
g sludkslgsfddsluwlsludcystdpfswydseygedyb'swcydpswmpsluwlskyhswmpskyfh
pwybcmvspgsmglsvgsg.ls gysludsdodmcmvhs,dswydsmgskgydsluwmsfdyowmlfhs,u'
gmsdwylusfug.bpsludcystdpfstdseygedyb'swcydpasfddcmvsluwlslud'sbd lsludk
cmsf.;uswsluwmnbdffsu.yy'?s,g.bpsclsmglsfdyodsludksjgbb's,dbbsycvulsc 
lud's;wkdstw;nswmps g.mpsluwlsludcysewydmlfs,dydsfedmpcmvsluds,ddn-dmp
cmsluds;g.mly'?scls,g.bpstdsludskgywbsbdffgmslud'suwodstddmscmsmddp
g sdodysfcm;ds,dskdlsludkist.lsc s,ds;gmlycodpslucmvfscmslucfs,w'skyfh
pwybcmvs,g.bpsmdodys gyvcods.fh

gmdslucmvscsfug.bpsbcndslgspgsckkdmfdb'aswmpsluwlscfslgsldbbsudyascmslud
,w'sw.lugyfsuwodasluwlsluds;ucbpydmswyds;gkcmvstw;nasluwlscmpddpslud'
,cbbstdsudydsgmslu.yfpw's,ddnhslucfs,g.bpsfegcbsfgs;gkebdldb'slud
f.yeycfdslgs,uc;us,dmp'swmpsjgumswmpskc;uwdbswydsbggncmvs gy,wyphslud'
uwodstddmsebwmmcmvsclsg.lsgmsludsfuce:skgludyrfsywel.ydas wludyrfsfug.l
g sjg'asmwmwrfsbdwesluyg.vusludswcyslgsdktyw;dsludks cyflas,udms,uwl
lud'sg.vulslgstdseydewydps gyscfswsvggpsucpcmvhsug,spdbc;cg.fslgsfegcb
clswbbst'stydwncmvsludsmd,fscmswpowm;disfgsluwls,udmslud'sdmldysvywmpb'
kyfhspwybcmvskw'smglsdodmsg  dys,dmp'sudyskg.luaswmpskyhspwybcmvskw'
dx;bwcksedllcfub'as“pwfusclswbbasudydswydslugfdstg'fswvwcmh”sug,dodya
,dsfug.bpsvdlsmgsluwmnfsdodms gyslucfhs,dswydstdvcmmcmvslgsnmg,skyfh
pwybcmvst'slucfslckdaswmpskw'stdsf.ydsluwlsfuds,g.bps.etywcps.fs gy
pdeycocmvsluds;ucbpydmsg sludcysbcllbdsebdwf.ydh