uppr-gfp,ydw rdi-delrmwd rvymbr.enrlgdxrcmmwrawmbrlgulrlgdxrbfpprvymb
.e ruw,rlgdrbuxrbdw,xrawdbrbucrlgfcnrmwdr,uxrbgdwrcgdrbucrlbmrxduycrmp,
cgdrbucrepuxfwvrfwrurvuy,dw ruw,rcgdrep.-ad,ruwmlgdyr'pmbdyruw,ryuwrbflg
flrlmrgdyrkmlgdynrfrc.eemcdrcgdrk.clrguodrpmmad,ryulgdyr,dpfvgl'.p r'my
kycnr,uypfwvre.lrgdyrguw,rlmrgdyrgduylruw,r-yfd, r“mg rbgxr-uwslrxm.
ydkufwrpfadrlgfcr'myrdody!”rlgfcrbucrupprlgulreuccd,rtdlbddwrlgdkrmw
lgdrc.tjd-l rt.lrgdw-d'mylgrbdw,xrawdbrlgulrcgdrk.clrvymbr.enrxm.rupbuxc
awmbru'ldyrxm.ruydrlbmnrlbmrfcrlgdrtdvfwwfwvrm'rlgdrdw,n

m'r-m.ycdrlgdxrpfod,rulr14r[lgdfyrgm.cdrw.ktdyrmwrlgdfyrclyddl] ruw,
.wlfprbdw,xr-ukdrgdyrkmlgdyrbucrlgdr-gfd'rmwdnrcgdrbucrurpmodpxrpu,x 
bflgrurymkuwlf-rkfw,ruw,rc.-grurcbddlrkm-afwvrkm.lgnrgdyrymkuwlf-
kfw,rbucrpfadrlgdrlfwxrtmidc rmwdrbflgfwrlgdrmlgdy rlgulr-mkdr'ymkrlgd
e.zzpfwvrducl rgmbdodyrkuwxrxm.r,fc-modyrlgdydrfcrupbuxcrmwdrkmyd;ruw,
gdyrcbddlrkm-afwvrkm.lgrgu,rmwdrafccrmwrflrlgulrbdw,xr-m.p,rwdodyrvdl 
lgm.vgrlgdydrflrbuc redy'd-lpxr-mwcef-.m.crfwrlgdryfvglhguw,r-mywdyn

lgdrbuxrkynr,uypfwvrbmwrgdyrbucrlgfc:rlgdrkuwxrvdwlpdkdwrbgmrgu,rtddw
tmxcrbgdwrcgdrbucrurvfypr,fc-modyd,rcfk.pluwdm.cpxrlgulrlgdxrpmod,rgdy 
uw,rlgdxruppryuwrlmrgdyrgm.cdrlmreymemcdrlmrgdyrdi-delrkynr,uypfwv rbgm
lmmarur-utruw,rwfeed,rfwr'fycl ruw,rcmrgdrvmlrgdynrgdrvmlrupprm'rgdy 
di-delrlgdrfwwdykmclrtmiruw,rlgdrafccnrgdrwdodyrawdbrutm.lrlgdrtmi ruw,
fwrlfkdrgdrvuodr.erlyxfwvr'myrlgdrafccnrbdw,xrlgm.vglrwuempdmwr-m.p,
guodrvmlrfl rt.lrfr-uwref-l.ydrgfkrlyxfwv ruw,rlgdwrvmfwvrm''rfwru
euccfmw rcpukkfwvrlgdr,mmyn

kynr,uypfwvr.cd,rlmrtmuclrlmrbdw,xrlgulrgdyrkmlgdyrwmlrmwpxrpmod,rgfk
t.lrydced-ld,rgfknrgdrbucrmwdrm'rlgmcdr,ddermwdcrbgmrawmbrutm.lrclm-ac
uw,rcguydcnrm'r-m.ycdrwmrmwdryduppxrawmbc rt.lrgdrq.fldrcddkd,rlmrawmb 
uw,rgdrm'ldwrcuf,rclm-acrbdydr.eruw,rcguydcrbdydr,mbwrfwrurbuxrlgul
bm.p,rguodrku,druwxrbmkuwrydced-lrgfkn

kycnr,uypfwvrbucrkuyyfd,rfwrbgfld ruw,rulr'fyclrcgdradelrlgdrtmmac
edy'd-lpx rupkmclrvpdd'.ppx rucrf'rflrbdydrurvukd rwmlrcmrk.-grucru
ty.ccdpcrceym.lrbucrkfccfwv;rt.lrtxruw,rtxrbgmpdr-u.pf'pmbdycr,ymeed,
m.l ruw,rfwcldu,rm'rlgdkrlgdydrbdydref-l.ydcrm'rtutfdcrbflgm.lr'u-dcn
cgdr,ydbrlgdkrbgdwrcgdrcgm.p,rguodrtddwrlmllfwvr.enrlgdxrbdydrkycn
,uypfwvscrv.dccdcn

bdw,xr-ukdr'fycl rlgdwrjmgw rlgdwrkf-gudpn

'myrurbddarmyrlbmru'ldyrbdw,xr-ukdrflrbucr,m.tl'.prbgdlgdyrlgdxrbm.p,
tdrutpdrlmraddergdy rucrcgdrbucruwmlgdyrkm.lgrlmr'dd,nrkynr,uypfwvrbuc
'yfvgl'.ppxreym.,rm'rgdy rt.lrgdrbucrodyxrgmwm.yutpd ruw,rgdrculrmwrlgd
d,vdrm'rkycnr,uypfwvscrtd, rgmp,fwvrgdyrguw,ruw,r-up-.pulfwvrdiedwcdc 
bgfpdrcgdrpmmad,rulrgfkrfkepmyfwvpxnrcgdrbuwld,rlmryfcarfl r-mkdrbgul
kfvgl rt.lrlgulrbucrwmlrgfcrbux;rgfcrbuxrbucrbflgruredw-fpruw,rurefd-d
m'reuedy ruw,rf'rcgdr-mw'.cd,rgfkrbflgrc.vvdclfmwcrgdrgu,rlmrtdvfwrul
lgdrtdvfwwfwvruvufwn

“wmbr,mwslrfwldyy.el ”rgdrbm.p,rtdvrm'rgdyn

“frguodrmwdrem.w,rcdodwlddwrgdyd ruw,rlbmruw,rcfirulrlgdrm''f-d;rfr-uw
-.lrm''rkxr-m''ddrulrlgdrm''f-d rcuxrldwrcgfppfwvc rkuafwvrlbmrwfwd
uw,rcfi rbflgrxm.yrdfvglddwruw,rlgyddrkuadcrlgyddrwfwdrcdodw rbflgr'fod
wu.vglrwu.vglrfwrkxr-gdq.dhtmmarkuadcrdfvglrwfwdrcdodwhhbgmrfcrlgul
kmofwv?hhdfvglrwfwdrcdodw r,mlruw,r-uyyxrcdodwhh,mwslrcedua rkxrmbwhhuw,
lgdrem.w,rxm.rpdwlrlmrlgulrkuwrbgmr-ukdrlmrlgdr,mmyhhq.fdl r-gfp,hh,ml
uw,r-uyyxr-gfp,hhlgdyd rxm.sodr,mwdrfl!hh,f,rfrcuxrwfwdrwfwdrcdodw?rxdc 
frcuf,rwfwdrwfwdrcdodw;rlgdrq.dclfmwrfc r-uwrbdrlyxrflr'myrurxduyrmw
wfwdrwfwdrcdodw?”

“m'r-m.ycdrbdr-uw rvdmyvd ”rcgdr-yfd,nrt.lrcgdrbucreydj.,f-d,rfwrbdw,xsc
'uom.y ruw,rgdrbucryduppxrlgdrvyuw,dyr-guyu-ldyrm'rlgdrlbmn

“ydkdktdyrk.kec ”rgdrbuywd,rgdyrupkmclrlgyduldwfwvpx ruw,rm''rgdrbdwl
uvufwnr“k.kecrmwdrem.w, rlgulrfcrbgulrfrguodre.lr,mbw rt.lrfr,uydcux
flrbfpprtdrkmydrpfadrlgfylxrcgfppfwvchh,mwslrceduahhkducpdcrmwdr'fod 
vdykuwrkducpdcrgup'rurv.fwdu rkuadcrlbmr'f'lddwrcfihh,mwslrbuvvpdrxm.y
'fwvdyhhbgmmefwvh-m.vg rcuxr'f'lddwrcgfppfwvc”hhuw,rcmrmwrflrbdwl ruw,
flru,,d,r.er,f''dydwlpxrdu-grlfkd;rt.lrulrpuclrbdw,xrj.clrvmlrlgym.vg 
bflgrk.kecryd,.-d,rlmrlbdpodrcfi ruw,rlgdrlbmrafw,crm'rkducpdcrlyduld,
ucrmwdn

lgdydrbucrlgdrcukdrdi-fldkdwlrmodyrjmgw ruw,rkf-gudprgu,rdodwrurwuyymbdy
cq.dua;rt.lrtmlgrbdydradel ruw,rcmmw rxm.rkfvglrguodrcddwrlgdrlgyddrm'
lgdkrvmfwvrfwrurymbrlmrkfccr'.pcmkscrafw,dyvuyldwrc-gmmp ru--mkeuwfd,rtx
lgdfyrw.ycdn

kycnr,uypfwvrpmod,rlmrguodrdodyxlgfwvrj.clrcm ruw,rkynr,uypfwvrgu,ru
euccfmwr'myrtdfwvrdiu-lpxrpfadrgfcrwdfvgtm.yc;rcm rm'r-m.ycd rlgdxrgu,
urw.ycdnrucrlgdxrbdydremmy rmbfwvrlmrlgdrukm.wlrm'rkfparlgdr-gfp,ydw
,yuwa rlgfcrw.ycdrbucrureyfkrwdb'm.w,puw,r,mv r-uppd,rwuwu rbgmrgu,
tdpmwvd,rlmrwmrmwdrfwreuylf-.puyr.wlfprlgdr,uypfwvcrdwvuvd,rgdynrcgdrgu,
upbuxcrlgm.vglr-gfp,ydwrfkemyluwl rgmbdody ruw,rlgdr,uypfwvcrgu,rtd-mkd
u-q.ufwld,rbflgrgdyrfwradwcfwvlmwrvuy,dwc rbgdydrcgdrcedwlrkmclrm'rgdy
ceuydrlfkdreddefwvrfwlmredyukt.pulmyc ruw,rbucrk.-grguld,rtxr-uydpdcc
w.ycdkuf,c rbgmkrcgdr'mppmbd,rlmrlgdfyrgmkdcruw,r-mkepufwd,rm'rlmrlgdfy
kfclydccdcnrcgdreymod,rlmrtdrq.fldrurlyduc.ydrm'rurw.ycdnrgmbrlgmym.vg
cgdrbucrulrtulghlfkd ruw,r.erulruwxrkmkdwlrm'rlgdrwfvglrf'rmwdrm'rgdy
-guyvdcrku,drlgdrcpfvgldclr-yxnrm'r-m.ycdrgdyradwwdprbucrfwrlgdrw.ycdyxn
cgdrgu,rurvdwf.cr'myrawmbfwvrbgdwrur-m.vgrfcrurlgfwvrlmrguodrwmreulfdw-d
bflgruw,rbgdwrflrwdd,crclm-afwvruym.w,rxm.yrlgymulnrcgdrtdpfdod,rlmrgdy
puclr,uxrfwrmp,h'ucgfmwd,rydkd,fdcrpfadryg.tuytrpdu' ruw,rku,drcm.w,crm'
-mwldkelrmodyrupprlgfcrwdbh'uwvpd,rluparutm.lrvdykc ruw,rcmrmwnrflrbucru
pdccmwrfwreymeyfdlxrlmrcddrgdyrdc-mylfwvrlgdr-gfp,ydwrlmrc-gmmp rbupafwv
cd,uldpxrtxrlgdfyrcf,drbgdwrlgdxrbdydrbdpprtdguod, ruw,rt.llfwvrlgdk
tu-arfwlmrpfwdrf'rlgdxrclyuxd,nrmwrjmgwscr'mmldyr[fwrdwvpuw,rcm--dy
bucr-uppd,r'mmltupp r“'mmldy”r'myrcgmyl]r,uxcrcgdrwdodyrmw-dr'myvmlrgfc
cbduldy ruw,rcgdr.c.uppxr-uyyfd,ruwr.ktydppurfwrgdyrkm.lgrfwr-ucdrm'
yufwnrlgdydrfcrurymmkrfwrlgdrtucdkdwlrm'rkfccr'.pcmkscrc-gmmprbgdydrlgd
w.ycdcrbuflnrlgdxrculrmwr'mykc rbgfpdrwuwurpuxrmwrlgdr'pmmy rt.lrlgul
bucrlgdrmwpxr,f''dydw-dnrlgdxru''d-ld,rlmrfvwmydrgdyrucrm'ruwrfw'dyfmy
cm-fuprclul.crlmrlgdkcdpodc ruw,rcgdr,dcefcd,rlgdfyrpfvglrlupanrcgd
ydcdwld,rofcflcrlmrlgdrw.ycdyxr'ymkrkycnr,uypfwvscr'yfdw,c rt.lrf'rlgdx
,f,r-mkdrcgdr'fyclrbgfeed,rm''rkf-gudpscrefwu'mydruw,re.lrgfkrfwlmrlgd
mwdrbflgrtp.drtyuf,fwv ruw,rckmmlgd,rm.lrbdw,xruw,rku,drur,ucgrulrjmgwsc
gufyn
